welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian season one
mandalorians are basically a warrior
clan easily recognizable by their super
sweet boba fett armor and they are
notoriously some of the most deadly
fighters in the galaxy
our main character has no name yet
people just call him mando and like many
other mandalorians he is a bounty hunter
i can bring you in warm
or i can bring you in cold he's part of
a bounty hunter guild led by carl
weathers whose star wars name is grief
karga he's got a job for mando that pays
real well but is a bit sketchy because
the client is
ex-imperial the show takes place soon
after the original trilogy when the evil
empire has just recently been defeated
but many imperials are still out there
holding on to what power they can like
this guy who has a job for amanda
bounty hunting is a complicated
profession you won't tell him anything
about
the mark but the pay is very real not in
imperial credits but in bescar steel
a super strong medal from the
mandalorian home world mender takes it
down to the source where apparently he
lives with a bunch of mandalorians
they're led by a female mandalorian the
armorer and none of them ever take their
helmets off that's part of their strict
code of conduct
this is the way this is the way she
melts down the best car into a sweet
shoulder guard for him and while she's
forging we get mando's backstory
basically his village was attacked by
these war droids so he hates droids his
parents died trying to save him but he
was eventually rescued by mandalorians
who adopted him into their crew so mando
flies off to hunt his mark on his super
cool spaceship the razor crest he's
immediately attacked by a blurg a t-rex
frog and is saved by queel a little
ugnot who has a funny catchphrase of his
own
i have spoken mando tracks down the mark
but there's another bounty hunter here a
droid ig-11 who's got super sweet spinny
arms there's a bunch of resistance so
they team up but they're still
outnumbered so ig-11 keeps trying to
self-destruct amanda's like whoa hold on
no i got this goes out and takes all
these guys down so they find the mark
but turns out it is
a baby yoda it's not the baby yoda it's
a baby yoda we don't know a species name
but whatever it is it is aggressively
cute
the droid's just gonna shoot it but
mando's not letting that happen shoots
him first and it's the start of a
beautiful friendship now mendo parked a
ship in a bad neighborhood the jawas
have stripped it for parts he pulls out
his rifle and starts disintegrating them
but eventually quill's able to negotiate
a deal they want some egg from the giant
woolly rhinoceros yeah the mud horn that
kicks mando's butt
in fact he's about to die here but wait
what's this it's baby yoda force powers
oh he's adorable together they take this
thing down but now he's all tuckered out
he trades the egg for ship parts back
and now they're headed home but baby
yoda such a cute little nuisance keeps
playing with his little stick shift the
client is very excited about baby yoda
and pays him a whole bucket of best car
amanda's like hey you're not gonna hurt
this kid are you but the client's like
that's none of your business so mando
lets him go
he brings the best guard to the armor
who forges him a complete set of best
guard steel armor looking fly
as hell men knows all business on to the
next job but when he tries to shift
gears sees the knobby missing and it's
like dang that kid's too cute
i can't leave him mando busts in there
and saves baby yoda from some creepy
science experiments he's gotta fight a
bunch of stormtroopers with a variety of
weapons including his flamethrower
alright
but now the words out to all the bounty
hunters to recapture him so it's a
standoff in the street and a big
shootout amanda's way outnumbered until
what's this
mandalorian reinforcements flying in on
jetpacks super sweet
they cover his retreat so mendo and baby
yoda are reunited though he really needs
to get a car seat for this kid they fly
to a remote planet where they meet cara
dune
a shock trooper in the rebellion and an
all-around badass she and mando fight at
first but you can't fight when baby
yoda's drinking soup they take a job at
a farming village which has been raided
lately by the orcs from lord of the
rings they train these villagers how to
fight back but they've got bigger
problems than orcs they've got an
imperial walker it's a big old battle
but together they take this thing down
now this might be a great place for baby
oda to grow up there's lots of other
kids his age and plenty of frogs for him
to snack on and mando's been flirting
with a hot farm girl he even considers
leaving his helmet behind and settling
down here for a peaceful quiet life but
it is not safe here a bounty hunter's
already tracked him down
i guess baby yoda's microchip or
something they can track him with gps so
they've gotta keep on moving there's two
quick side missions one on tatooine yeah
from the original star wars he goes to
mos eisley cantina and fights an
assassin in the desert then he takes a
job with the old crew he used to run
with who are basically the evil
guardians of the galaxy it's an awesome
prison break mission where they turn on
him but mando comes out on top
eventually mando gets a call from carl
weathers like hey buddy let's call a
truce that ex-imperial client has taken
over the town we need your help to take
him down mendo thinks it's probably a
trap so he's bringing his new friends as
backup including quill who's repaired
ig-11 but he's reprogrammed him from an
assassin droid into a farm android so
they meet up with grief karga and the
plan is to pretend to turn mando in and
then he'll kill a guy but that night
they're attacked by pterodactyls and
grief is wounded it's poisonous i guess
so it won't heal but baby yoda steps in
yo i got this and oh
force healing powers whoa now turns out
this was supposed to be a trap for mando
but grief garga's changed his mind he's
like hey i owe my life to baby yoda
let's stick with the original fake plan
where we pretend to turn you in but not
actually so they go back to the client
who's very excited to have his baby yoda
back
i would like to see the baby just then
though he gets a call from his boss and
oh this whole bar is being shot up yes
it's a takeover
from another ex-imperial but he's got an
army of stormtroopers so maybe x
imperial is not the right phrase and
this new villain is
yes that's gus freeing from breaking bad
it's moth gideon
you may think you have some idea of what
you are in possession of
but you do not first things first he
drops a knowledge bomb on us he knows
mando's name
it's din jaren carl weathers is like
what the hell man i've been calling you
mando for years he never corrected me
but then he wants baby yoda who they
don't actually have they sent him with
queel back to the ship but the
stormtroopers tracked him down and oh
they killed quill
and snatched up baby yoda while they're
waiting for orders they have a hilarious
stormtrooper comedy bit but they're
interrupted by ig-11 who's been
programmed as a pacifist
unless baby yoda's in danger so he's
riding in on a speeder taking down all
these stormtroopers it's
awesome it's a big awesome fight scene
but moth giddy and cool as a cucumber
blows mando up they retreat back into
the bar where kara dude's like hey let
me take your helmet off so i can heal
you but he's like no a mandalorian never
takes his helmet off this is the way
just then a flamethrower stormtrooper
comes in to burn him out but not if baby
yoda can help it
oh force powers brim blocks the fire
yeah
and now it's nappy time so the gang
escapes out the back but ig 11 stays
behind to heal mando he's like hey no
one can see me without my helmet but
it's like yeah i'm a droid i'm pretty
sure that's an exception and so oh my
god it's happening
it's pedro pascal's beautiful face so he
patches him right up and they go down to
the sores where the armor is still
hanging out she's like hey because you
saved this kid according to mandalorian
custom he's now officially part of your
mandalorian clan she engraves his armor
with their new clan sigil the mudhorn
their first victory together she also
gives him a jet pack
all right so they have to escape down
the ancient lava sword driven by an r2
unit with arms and legs yeah it's a
gondola bot but
outside there's an ambush waiting for
him and it's ig-11 in a real tear-jerker
terminator twos himself right into the
lava goes out there and finally
self-destructs
sacrificing himself to save the crew but
there's one more threat a tie fighter
driven by moff gideon this is a huge
problem carl weathers thinks maybe baby
yoda can help
come on baby do the magic hand thing
so it's up to mando and his new jet pack
baby
yeah flies up there grapples onto this
thing plants a bomb
and boom karga's like hey so three of us
restart the bounty hunter's guild but
mandu is a father now he's not about
that bounty hunter life so he and baby
yoda fly off into the sunset to have a
whole new season of adventures
but at the crashed tie fighter moff
gideon survived and wait what is that
it's an awesome black lightsaber sword
yes that's the darksaber which your star
wars nerdfriends will happily tell you
all about so you know muff gideon's
coming for baby yoda
and that's how mandalorian season 1
comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap hit the join button to
support the channel as a member